it's the Clint Howard variety show now
here he is Clint Howard ladies and
gentlemen welcome to the Clint Howard
variety show the shortest cheapest
variety show in the history of
entertainment now my contract with pop
forbids me from telling you exactly what
they're spending on one of these puppies
but let me put it this way
a couple Laker tickets trip to the
concession stand would double our budget
but my crackerjack team is making up for
with blood sweat and tears I'm speaking
for myself hemorrhoids yeah that's my
input
hemorrhoids I guess the stress and
strain of producing this show was a
little too much because bingo out popped
a Hemi my first one do you know how they
say burning and itching for a couple
days I was praying for burning and
itching because my ass really hurt you
know I found that rectal cream that they
advertise as cooling gel feels pretty
good I mean come on who doesn't want to
have a cool asshole fact I've got a
little dab between my cheeks as we speak
I'd like to introduce my announcer
bouncer Big Mike hey Big Mike
hemorrhoids well I did Clint but I I
sanded them off yeah I'd like to
introduce my musical director Keith
Hemis Keats Norton Ibanez
that's enough kids I hear other music
you know this is our magic door a portal
to a whole nother world of entertainment
let's check out when our dancers
Clint baby how you doing Ernie Anthony
Anthony's talent agency let me give you
my card see my cards my handshake we had
a pal lunch the other day we talked
about clean Howard wondering why he
wasn't a leading man you know what we
came up with you know the difference
between you and Brad Pitt is I don't
know hair Jesus Christ whose hair is
that it's for my dog Maria he wanted you
to have it let me tell you something
this is gonna be a big female audience
with this picture let me tell you
something
you're gonna need security security yeah
Big Mike okay I was a routine police
shooting mr. shitty yeah I was a it was
a dark night eight year old kid he steps
up from behind a dumpster brandish is a
weapon on me by training dictates I go
right to my sidearm and return fire how
did I know it was a squirt gun it was
one of those big super soakers you know
only in this case there was no water in
it was full of urine disgusting I did
what I had to do oh that depends on who
you listen to mr. shitty what kind of
communist rag paper you read No things
like that don't have any guys like me
you see I'm a cop I'm different
my guest today is a rock and roll legend
he's one of the founding members of the
granddaddy of punk rock mr. Johnny
Ramone so you retired from rock and roll
it's like a marriage where you get stuck
together and you have your differences
on what the directions you know let's go
back to 1974 CBGB's vintage village what
was it like for you beginning was
strange their audio out and surrounded
by bunch of weirdos
now a couple years later I think it was
like 1976 you guys did the reverse
British Invasion thing now what was that
like London we knew we had to get a
movement going to music was to change
but they pick up on it there it was very
exciting
we met the clash and such pistols in the
dam and we saw a movement was developing
we take back a change god that's cool
do you remember one particular show or
maybe a tour that you feel is the
pinnacle of rock and roll for you like
in February of March of 1996 we went I'm
sorry Johnny that's all the time we have
this particular segment imagine every
guest on $2 in a turkey Turkey provided
by a handy market of Burbank Roasters
since 1963
Hennis a matter of fact that's all the
time we have for today's show
tune in next week for another exciting
adventure of the Clint Howard variety
show
you